Update README to streamline core focus of the FAST project (#6944)
microsoft/fast: README.md

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat%20on-discord-7289da.svg)](https://discord.gg/FcSNfg4)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/fast_ui.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=fast_ui)

:star: We appreciate your star, it helps!

## Introduction

> FAST is dedicated to providing support for native Web Components and modern Web Standards, designed to help you efficiently tackle some of the most common challenges in website and application design and development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FAST is dedicated to providing support for native Web Components and modern Web Standards, and it's designed to help you efficiently tackle some of the most common challenges in website and application design and development.
```

The `@microsoft/fast-element` library is a lightweight means to easily build performant, memory-efficient, standards-compliant Web Components. FAST Elements work in every major browser and can be used in combination with any front-end framework or even without a framework. To get up and running with `@microsoft/fast-element` see [the Getting Started guide](https://fast.design/docs/fast-element/getting-started).

### `@fluentui/web-components`

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40fluentui%2Fweb-components.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40fluentui%2Fweb-components)

> `@fluentui/web-components` is a library of Web Components based on the Fluent design language.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't "fluent is based on FAST" be mentioned here?

Author: Good point, added.

> `@fluentui/web-components` is a library of Web Components based on the Fluent design language and `@microsoft/fast-element`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@fluentui/web-components` is a library of Web Components based on the Fluent design language, built with `@microsoft/fast-element`.
```
